In this video I'll demonstrate how to secure vse fair virtual machines.
So here you can see I'm at the homescreen of Vee's for a web client and we're going to start by looking
at storage policies.
And there's one specific storage policy that I'd like to show you the VM encryption policy.
So this is a storage policy that allows us to dictate that the virtual disks for a virtual machine should
be encrypted.
And so that's how we're going to actually configure virtual machine disk encryption.
And so prior to showing you the setting on the actual virtual machine itself I wanted to come in here
quickly and show you the storage policy that dictates that a virtual machines disk should be encrypted
and if we go back to our home screen and browse to hosts and Klosters Actually I'm going to grab a virtual
machine right click it and go to edit settings
and under edit settings I'm going to expand my hard disk for this VM.
And here you can see the virtual machine storage policies and one of the storage policies that I can
choose from is the VM encryption policy.
So the reason that this is circled in red is because my VM configuration files are not encrypted and
the hard disks can only be encrypted when the configuration files themselves are encrypted.
So what I can do to resolve this is actually go to my VM click on it and I mean the hosts and cluster's
view here and under configure I can go to policies and I can edit the V.M. storage policies not only
for the virtual disk itself but for the virtual machine home directory.
And that's what's going to include those configuration files that we saw before and that error message.
So this is going to show us how we can actually apply encryption across not only the virtual disks but
the VM home directory as well.
And so this is a great security option that I can utilize just in case somebody were to somehow export
a copy of this VMT K First some sort of nefarious purpose.
Once they got that VMT OK all of the data on it would be encrypted.
So this is definitely a great way to secure virtual machine data.
Another feature that's supported in these first six top five is secure boot.
So what secure boot does is it ensures that the software running on the virtual machine is actually
legitimate.
Like for example if you're running Windows on a virtual machine it validates that it's a legitimate
installation of Windows so in order to enable secure buu on a virtual machine you'll simply right click
that VM go to edit settings and look for Buddh options under VM options.
So here is V.M. options Here's our boot options and here's where we could potentially enable secure
buth as well.
Now there are certain operating systems that support those like Windows or a nested ESX host.
So you'll need to take a look at the documentation and ensure that what you're trying to enable this
on is actually supported.
And here you see the VM where documentation showing you all the information you need in order to enable
U.A.E. ephi secure but so again like I said it's only supported by certain operating systems for Windows
for ESX inside a virtual machine for Linux virtual machines.
Some of the compatibility specifications are explained here.
So these are some of the things that you might want to be aware of prior to enabling you with high secure
but.
And all of this information isn't available in the vse for documentation.
Now another option that I want to look at under VM options is VM Ware tools installation.
So here you can see the VMWare tools upgrades.
I have a box checked that says the VM or tools should be automatically upgraded and checked every time
this virtual machine powers on.
This is going to ensure that this virtual machine is kept at the latest version of VM or tools and that
I don't have to do a special reboot just to install the latest upgrades to VM more tools.
Now one final thing I want to show you over here and VM options is the ability to configure encrypted
Wii motion.
So here under encryption I'm going to expand the encryption area and we have a couple of different options
here for encrypted Wii motion.
So the first option shown says opportunistic.
And by the way there's a nice little information button here to the right.
If you're curious what these different options mean.
So with this Seybold you're disabling encrypted the motion and what you want.
Bear in mind here is when you ve motion a virtual machine you're moving the contents of memory for that
VM across the network so it may make sense to encrypt that traffic.
Unless you're on a network that you trust if you trust the network and you're not going to worry about
encryption go hadn't said this to disable opportunistic.
Basically means if it can it will if both hosts support encryption and support encrypted emotion then
encrypted E-motion will be used if one of the hosts does not support it.
The motion will still happen but it will happen on encrypted and then finally the third option is required.
And so if you set this to required that means that a V motion can only occur if both the source and
destination hosts support V motion in an encrypted fashion.
So that's how you enable encrypted Wii motion on a virtual machine.
So those are the security settings that we want to take a look at in regards to our VM is that we need
to be aware of.
For the VCP exam.